Update docs concerning detaching and terminating (#3383)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/common-aws-tasks-for-2nd-line-support.html.md

[machine metrics dashboard]: https://grafana.blue.production.govuk.digital/dashboard/file/machine.json?refresh=1m&orgId=1
[EC2 troubleshooting documentation]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-instance-troubleshoot.html

## Detaching an instance from an Auto Scaling Group

> Detaching an instance from an Auto Scaling Group (ASG) when you want that
> instance to stop receiving requests. For example, if the machine is unhealthy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a machine is unhealthy, you may want to detach an instance from its Auto
Scaling Group (ASG). Detaching the instance stops it receiving requests.
```

Avoid removing an instance from an ALB Target Group if the target group's
instances are managed by an ASG. Instead, simply remove the instance from the
ASG. Removing an instance from an associated ASG will remove the instance
from all target groups automatically (conversely, adding an instance to an
ASG will add the instance to associated target groups).

When detaching an instance from an ASG, you can choose whether to replace that
instance in the ASG via a checkbox in the detach confirmation window: 'Add a
new instance to the Auto Scaling group to balance the load'. This option will
need to be selected, otherwise an error will likely be thrown, as by default,

> the ASGs minimum capacity of instances will be equal to the amount instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ASG's minimum capacity of instances will be equal to the amount instances
```

running (desired capacity).

Read [how to detach an instance from an ASG][] in the AWS documentation.

_**Note**: check if the ASG has just a single instance. If so, removing the
instance from the ASG may cause downtime for a service._

The detached instance will stick around, so make sure to terminate it when you
no longer need it. See the section below for further details.

[how to detach an instance from an ASG]: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/detach-instance-asg.html

## Terminating an instance

If you do not want a detached instance to serve traffic again in future, you
should terminate it. Detaching an instance from an ASG does not terminate the
instance automatically. Once connections have drained from a detached instance,
you can terminate the instance via the AWS EC2 user interface.

> Read [how to terminate an instance][] in the aws documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [how to terminate an instance][] in the AWS documentation.
```

1. Initiate a puppet run to make sure that everything works

## Users

### Add a developer as an AWS admin

_**Note**: This task doesn't need to be done by 2nd line._

_**Note**: Users with production access can already assume an admin role
in every environment. Read [assuming all roles for users with production access][]._

You can modify the AWS roles that a developer can assume in the
[govuk-aws-data][] repository.

Typically this involves adding a user ARN (a line containing the person's email
address) to a list named `role_internal_admin_user_arns`.

See these two example PRs:

* https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/pull/837
* https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data/pull/819

Once you have put up a PR to change the developer's role, you'll need to assume
the admin role in order to [apply the Terraform change][].

[assuming all roles for users with production access]: https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/get-started.html#assuming-all-roles-for-users-with-production-access
[govuk-aws-data]: https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-aws-data
[apply the Terraform change]: https://docs.publishing.service.gov.uk/manual/deploying-terraform.html

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we can probably remove this section of docs, since (as per the note), everyone with production access has permission to assume the admin role now.

Author: I did wonder about the usefulness of this section - removing it sounds good to me 👍
